Rework the second chapter (#29)
0xAX/asm: sum/README.md

# Sum of numbers

> This is a basic program that gets the sum of two integer numbers and check that it is correct. It prints the message if the sum is correct, otherwise just exits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a basic program that sums two integer numbers and checks if it is correct. If the sum is correct, it prints the message; otherwise, it just exits.
```

To build the program, run:

```bash
make
```

> For more details, read [Part 2. The `x86_64` concepts](https://github.com/0xAX/asm/blob/master/content/asm_2.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, read [Part 2. The `x86_64` concepts](https://github.com/0xAX/asm/blob/master/content/asm_2.md).
```
